# Autonomous-Mobile-Robot-for-Warehouse-Industries
Final year Undergrad project - Omni-Wheeled AMR

1.INTRODUCTION

With growing demand of Robotics and revolution of Industry 4.0 industries are now adapting and embracing changes. Industry 4.0 adoption in India can help manufacturing sector meet national growth targets. From comprising 5% of  manufacturing IT spend in 2011, to 20% by 2021, Industry 4.0 has witnessed over a decade of transition since 2011. It has also grown by 9.6 times during the same period, from $10.5 billion in 2011 to $103 billion in 2021, driven by business growth, resilience and sustainability needs. According to the report, investments in Industry 4.0 have grown by approximately 10X in the last decade, and are expected to grow to $200+ billion by 2025. Countries such as US, UK, India and Brazil are expected to supplement this with new investments, amounting to a total of $100+ billion. This investment will predominantly be in digital technologies like IoT, AI/ML, IT-OT integration, robotics, and human-machine interfaces. These will account for almost 40% of all manufacturing technology spend. Servitization, integrated customer and employee experience, and an urgent need for flexible operations and business agility are set to be the biggest drivers of Industry 4.0 in the next decade. With this upcoming new technology students who wish to pursue careers in this field should have the hands-on knowledge and some foundation to do innovative research. The AMR which I have built is made from leading hardware and software technologies which is widely accepted by leading industries and educational institutes. The further sections will be dedicated to explain this project in detail. Broadly, I have divided this into mechanical, electronics and software with further explanation in the sub-sections.

